they're slinky show just like you let's
show people how tall you are we're
squirt can you do it see if a hair
slinky show everybody how tall you are
stand up come on oh good boy good boy
slinky you can get way up there sink
come on stand up show everybody how tall
you are well he's some sort of doing it
there Harris link you can have it here
you want this up there you go fellas
definitely um if you have some ferrets
they they seem to really enjoy ice cubes
so make sure if you're going to give
your fair at nice cube that you when you
take it out of the freezer run it under
some cold water first that way it's not
so dry like a really super dry cold that
will stick to their tongue so as long as
you wet it first and it's okay they can
they can lick it without it sticking to
them right slinky squirt yeah hey you
were supposed to be enjoying your ice
cube not look your ice cube not me here
squirt making his little noise it's
under him now hey anyway give you a fair
an ice cube they like this and also on
cold day not cold days on hot days you
can take a take some cold water out of
your refrigerator and put it in their
water bottle they like that also and you
can take a bottle of water and freeze it
in the freezer and then when you take
that out put that in there but you put
it in a sock or something but put it in
their cage and that'll give them
something cold to rub up against like
when it's really really hot and as it's
getting closer to summer time well
actually are in summertime make sure
that you keep the air on in your house
the ferrets they really need a cool
environment you don't want it to be 80
degrees in your house with these little
guys because I
you overheat very quickly so anyway give
your ferret samaya stay like that just
remember to wet it first all right say
goodbye fellers